Now that's it for this module.
We learned a lot about React and TypeScript here.
It was quite a in-depth module,
with lots of examples and concepts,
but of course we're only scratching
the surface of TypeScript in general here,
and of course, we kind of
went through that entire content rather quickly.
Because this is just a summary of TypeScript and React.
If you wanna learn more about that,
for React, you got this entire course,
and for TypeScript, I got a couple
of resources that could be useful.
If you search for typescriptlang,
or actually also just for typescript,
you find the official docs.
And those are of course
a great place to learn more about TypeScript.
There, you can dive into the docs, or the handbook,
and you'll learn about all those core TypeScript features,
and you also find examples there,
and that site, therefore, is really a good resource
for learning all about TypeScript
in the greatest detail possible.
But it can also be overwhelming.
Now, for React and TypeScript,
if you search for create react app and typescript,
you find that set up article from before again,
and in there, you also find more resources
on getting started with TypeScript and React.
You get an example project, for example,
a cheat sheet, and a link to the official docs.
Now, I also got a TypeScript course,
which you could check out as an alternative.
This course does not focus
on React and TypeScript, but just TypeScript.
And of course, taking it is optional.
You get all the knowledge you need,
also with those free resources.
But if you wanna learn all about TypeScript
from me in this course, that course could be very helpful.
It also does have another
React and TypeScript introductory section,
but the core content and focus of that course
is just TypeScript,
and we're going to dive into all the key features there.
And these are possible next steps,
which you could take to build up on the knowledge you gained
in this module to build React apps with TypeScript,
if you prefer that over just JavaScript with React.